snoop: add page (#3457)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/sunos/snoop.md

# snoop

> > Network packeet sniffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Network packet sniffer.
```

> SunOS equivalent of tcpdump.

> - Capture packets on network interface e1000g0:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Capture packets on a specific network interface:
```
I'd reword this to make it cleaner.

Author: Thanks!

> `snoop -d e1000g0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`snoop -d {e1000g0}`
```

Author: Thanks!

> - Capture packets to a file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Capture packets and save them to a file:
```
Better wording.

Author: I'm not sure if this is better wording.  The use of `and` implies that the capture is both sent to the screen **and** sent to a file.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we could say this then:

    - Capture packets saving them in a file:

Or even:

    - Save captured packets in a file instead of displaying them:

`snoop -o {{filename}}`

- Display verbose protocol layer summary of packets from a file:

`snoop -V -i {{filename}}`

> - Capture network packets that come from hostname and go to port 8000:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capture network packets that come from a hostname and go to a given port:
```

Author: Thanks!

> `snoop to port 8000 from host {{hostname}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`snoop to port {port} from host {{hostname}}`
```

Author: Thanks!

> - Capture and show network packets in hex and ASCII between two IP addresses:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Capture and show an hex-dump of network packets exchanged between two IP addresses:
```
Clearer.

Author: British pronunciation would use `an hex-dump`, while American English would use `a hex-dump`.

Reviewer 2: We can go with the American pronunciation :+1: thanks for for the note.

> `snoop -x0 -p4 {{ip address 1}} {{ip address 2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`snoop -x0 -p4 {{ip_address_1}} {{ip_address_2}}`
```
Use underscores instead of spaces.
